add RFC trick (#6)
badouralix/coding-best-practices: README.md

1. RFCs are a waste of time. You want to know how people feel about something you want to do? Do it, and see who complains.
1. If you have no choice but to write an RFC, make sure it's imprecise enough so that no constructive criticism can be made.

> 1. If you cannot follow 2., then make sure to send your RFC for review so late that nobody has time to criticize (sending it after the project is actually implemented works perfectly).

Reviewer: How about this wording ?

```suggestion
1. If you have no choice but to write a precise RFC, make sure to send it for review so late that nobody has time to comment. The best timeline in this case is to send the RFC the project is actually implemented.
```

Author: > 1. If you have no choice but to write a precise RFC, make sure to send it for review so late that nobody has time to comment. The best timeline in this case is to send the RFC once the project is actually implemented.

should work yes
